doc/notification.markdown, before:

## Class: apn.Notification

A `Notification` encapsulates data to be sent to a device and handles JSON encoding for transmission. See the [payload documentation][pl] for more details.

### Initialization

When initializing a `Notification` you can optionally pass an object to pre-populate properties as they are defined below.

```javascript
let notification = new apn.Notification({
  alert: "Hello, world!",
  sound: "chime.caf",
  mutableContent: 1,
  payload: {
    "sender": "node-apn",
  },
});
```

### Payload

#### `notification.payload`

This `Object` is JSON encoded and sent as the notification payload. When properties have been set on `notification.aps` (either directly or with convenience setters) these are added to the `payload` just before it is sent. If `payload` already contains an `aps` property it is replaced.

**Example:**

```javascript
let notification = new apn.Notification();

notification.payload = {
  from: "node-apn",
  source: "web",
};

notification.body = "Hello, world!";
```

**Output:**

```json
{
  "from":"node-apn",
  "source":"web",
  "aps":{
    "alert":"Hello, world!"
  }
}
```

#### `notification.rawPayload`

If supplied this payload will be encoded and transmitted as-is. The convenience setters will have no effect on the JSON output.

**Example:**

```javascript
let notification = new apn.Notification();

notification.rawPayload = {
  from: "node-apn",
  source: "web",
  aps: {
    "content-available": 1
  }
};

notification.body = "Hello, world!";
```

**Output:**

```json
{
  "from":"node-apn",
  "source":"web",
  "aps":{
    "content-available":1
  }
}
```

### Convenience Setters

The setters below provide a cleaner way to set properties defined by the Apple Push Notification Service (APNS).

This table shows the name of the setter, with the key-path of the underlying property it maps to and the expected value type.

| Setter Name         | Target Property             | Type                |
|---------------------|-----------------------------|---------------------|
| `alert`             | `aps.alert`                 | `String` or `Object`|
| `body`              | `aps.alert.body`            | `String`            |
| `locKey`            | `aps.alert.loc-key`         | `String`            |
| `locArgs`           | `aps.alert.loc-args`        | `Array`             |
| `title`             | `aps.alert.title`           | `String`            |
| `titleLocKey`       | `aps.alert.title-loc-key`   | `String`            |
| `titleLocArgs`      | `aps.alert.title-loc-args`  | `Array`             |
| `action`            | `aps.alert.action`          | `String`            |
| `actionLocKey`      | `aps.alert.action-loc-key`  | `String`            |
| `launchImage`       | `aps.launch-image`          | `String`            |
| `badge`             | `aps.badge`                 | `Number`            |
| `sound`             | `aps.sound`                 | `String`            |
| `contentAvailable`  | `aps.content-available`     | `1`                 |
| `mutableContent`    | `aps.mutable-content`       | `1`                 |
| `urlArgs`           | `aps.url-args`              | `Array`             |
| `category`          | `aps.category`              | `String`            |
| `threadId`          | `aps.thread-id`             | `String`            |
| `mdm`               | `mdm`                       | `String`            |

When the notification is transmitted these properties will be added to the output before encoding.

For each convenience setter there is also a chainable method which invokes the setter and returns `this`. These are predictably named: `propertyName -> setPropertyName()`.

It is also possible to set properties directly on `aps` if the setters above do not meet your needs.

**Example:**
```javascript
let notification    = new apn.Notification();

/// Convenience setter
notification.body   = "Hello, world!";
notification.title  = "node-apn";
notification.badge  = 10;

/// Chainable setter
notification.setAction("npm install")
            .setMutableContent(1);

/// Direct `aps` property access
notification.aps.category = "nodejs";
```

**Output:**

```json
{
  "aps":{
    "alert":{
      "body":"Hello, world!",
      "title":"node-apn",
      "action":"npm install"
    },
    "badge":10,
    "mutable-content": 1,
    "category":"nodejs"
  }
}
```

### Properties

The properties below are sent alongside the notification as configuration and do not form part of the JSON payload. As such, they are not counted against the payload size limit.

#### notification.topic

_Required_: The destination topic for the notification.

#### notification.id

A UUID to identify the notification with APNS. If an `id` is not supplied, APNS will generate one automatically. If an error occurs the response will contain the `id`. This property populates the `apns-id` header.

#### notification.expiry

A UNIX timestamp when the notification should expire. If the notification cannot be delivered to the device, APNS will retry until it expires. An expiry of `0` indicates that the notification expires immediately, therefore no retries will be attempted.

#### notification.priority

Provide one of the following values:

  * `10` - The push notification is sent to the device immediately. (Default)
    > The push notification must trigger an alert, sound, or badge on the device. It is an error to use this priority for a push notification that contains only the `content-available` key.
  * `5` - The push message is sent at a time that conserves power on the device receiving it.


#### notification.collapseId

Multiple notifications with same collapse identifier are displayed to the user as a single notification. The value should not exceed 64 bytes.

[pl]:https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/NetworkingInternet/Conceptual/RemoteNotificationsPG/CreatingtheNotificationPayload.html "Local and Push Notification Programming Guide: Apple Push Notification Service"

Commit message:

Support zero-valued (0) `expiry` and add support for apns-push-type

doc/notification.markdown, after:

## Class: apn.Notification

A `Notification` encapsulates data to be sent to a device and handles JSON encoding for transmission. See the [payload documentation][pl] for more details.

### Initialization

When initializing a `Notification` you can optionally pass an object to pre-populate properties as they are defined below.

```javascript
let notification = new apn.Notification({
  alert: "Hello, world!",
  sound: "chime.caf",
  mutableContent: 1,
  payload: {
    "sender": "node-apn",
  },
});
```

### Payload

#### `notification.payload`

This `Object` is JSON encoded and sent as the notification payload. When properties have been set on `notification.aps` (either directly or with convenience setters) these are added to the `payload` just before it is sent. If `payload` already contains an `aps` property it is replaced.

**Example:**

```javascript
let notification = new apn.Notification();

notification.payload = {
  from: "node-apn",
  source: "web",
};

notification.body = "Hello, world!";
```

**Output:**

```json
{
  "from":"node-apn",
  "source":"web",
  "aps":{
    "alert":"Hello, world!"
  }
}
```

#### `notification.rawPayload`

If supplied this payload will be encoded and transmitted as-is. The convenience setters will have no effect on the JSON output.

**Example:**

```javascript
let notification = new apn.Notification();

notification.rawPayload = {
  from: "node-apn",
  source: "web",
  aps: {
    "content-available": 1
  }
};

notification.body = "Hello, world!";
```

**Output:**

```json
{
  "from":"node-apn",
  "source":"web",
  "aps":{
    "content-available":1
  }
}
```

### Convenience Setters

The setters below provide a cleaner way to set properties defined by the Apple Push Notification Service (APNS).

This table shows the name of the setter, with the key-path of the underlying property it maps to and the expected value type.

| Setter Name         | Target Property             | Type                |
|---------------------|-----------------------------|---------------------|
| `alert`             | `aps.alert`                 | `String` or `Object`|
| `body`              | `aps.alert.body`            | `String`            |
| `locKey`            | `aps.alert.loc-key`         | `String`            |
| `locArgs`           | `aps.alert.loc-args`        | `Array`             |
| `title`             | `aps.alert.title`           | `String`            |
| `titleLocKey`       | `aps.alert.title-loc-key`   | `String`            |
| `titleLocArgs`      | `aps.alert.title-loc-args`  | `Array`             |
| `action`            | `aps.alert.action`          | `String`            |
| `actionLocKey`      | `aps.alert.action-loc-key`  | `String`            |
| `launchImage`       | `aps.launch-image`          | `String`            |
| `badge`             | `aps.badge`                 | `Number`            |
| `sound`             | `aps.sound`                 | `String`            |
| `contentAvailable`  | `aps.content-available`     | `1`                 |
| `mutableContent`    | `aps.mutable-content`       | `1`                 |
| `urlArgs`           | `aps.url-args`              | `Array`             |
| `category`          | `aps.category`              | `String`            |
| `threadId`          | `aps.thread-id`             | `String`            |
| `mdm`               | `mdm`                       | `String`            |

When the notification is transmitted these properties will be added to the output before encoding.

For each convenience setter there is also a chainable method which invokes the setter and returns `this`. These are predictably named: `propertyName -> setPropertyName()`.

It is also possible to set properties directly on `aps` if the setters above do not meet your needs.

**Example:**
```javascript
let notification    = new apn.Notification();

/// Convenience setter
notification.body   = "Hello, world!";
notification.title  = "node-apn";
notification.badge  = 10;

/// Chainable setter
notification.setAction("npm install")
            .setMutableContent(1);

/// Direct `aps` property access
notification.aps.category = "nodejs";
```

**Output:**

```json
{
  "aps":{
    "alert":{
      "body":"Hello, world!",
      "title":"node-apn",
      "action":"npm install"
    },
    "badge":10,
    "mutable-content": 1,
    "category":"nodejs"
  }
}
```

### Properties

The properties below are sent alongside the notification as configuration and do not form part of the JSON payload. As such, they are not counted against the payload size limit.

#### notification.topic

_Required_: The destination topic for the notification.

#### notification.id

A UUID to identify the notification with APNS. If an `id` is not supplied, APNS will generate one automatically. If an error occurs the response will contain the `id`. This property populates the `apns-id` header.

#### notification.expiry

A UNIX timestamp when the notification should expire. If the notification cannot be delivered to the device, APNS will retry until it expires. An expiry of `0` indicates that the notification expires immediately, therefore no retries will be attempted.

#### notification.priority

Provide one of the following values:

  * `10` - The push notification is sent to the device immediately. (Default)
    > The push notification must trigger an alert, sound, or badge on the device. It is an error to use this priority for a push notification that contains only the `content-available` key.
  * `5` - The push message is sent at a time that conserves power on the device receiving it.


#### notification.pushType

(Required when delivering notifications to devices running iOS 13 and later, or watchOS 6 and later. Ignored on earlier system versions.)

The type of the notification. The value of this header is `alert` or `background`. Specify `alert` when the delivery of your notification displays an alert, plays a sound, or badges your app's icon. Specify `background` for silent notifications that do not interact with the user.

The value of this header must accurately reflect the contents of your notification's payload. If there is a mismatch, or if the header is missing on required systems, APNs may delay the delivery of the notification or drop it altogether.

#### notification.collapseId

Multiple notifications with same collapse identifier are displayed to the user as a single notification. The value should not exceed 64 bytes.

[pl]:https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/NetworkingInternet/Conceptual/RemoteNotificationsPG/CreatingtheNotificationPayload.html "Local and Push Notification Programming Guide: Apple Push Notification Service"
